Improve React,  Vuejs and Angular integration pages (#3948)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/vue-cloud.adoc

= Using TinyMCE from Tiny Cloud in Vue.js
:navtitle: Vue.js
:description: A guide on integrating TinyMCE from the Tiny Cloud into a Vue.js application.
:keywords: integration, integrate, vue, vuejs, tinymce-vue
:productSource: cloud

> This guide shows how to integrate {productname} from Tiny Cloud into a Vue.js application using the link:https://github.com/tinymce/tinymce-vue[{productname} Vue.js component].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide shows how to integrate {productname} from {cloudname} into a Vue.js application using the link:https://github.com/tinymce/tinymce-vue[{productname} Vue.js component^].
```
